Update `BTVenmoRequest` (#1436)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased (v7)
* Breaking Changes
  * Bump minimum supported deployment target to iOS 16+
* BraintreePayPal

>   * Add `BTPayPalRequest.userPhoneNumber` optional property

Reviewer: nit: let's have an `unreleased (v7)` section at the top and an `unreleased` section after that so it's easier to quickly tell when we do releases what is a v7 only change. Will make it a bit easier to reason about when we need to merge main into v7.

Reviewer 2: I think this CHANGELOG still combines the 2 unreleased sections and Jax is instead suggesting 2 sections

Author: ahh gotcha! thanks for clarifying y'all, addressed this in c386bf3f3eca0db14967a3da1611e2c0f6310230

* BraintreeVenmo

>   * Update`BTVenmoRequest` to make all properties internal and included in the initializer 

Reviewer: maybe something like:
```suggestion
  * Update`BTVenmoRequest` to make all properties accessible on the initializer only vs via the dot syntax.
```

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased (v7)
* Breaking Changes
  * Bump minimum supported deployment target to iOS 16+
* BraintreeVenmo
  * Update `BTVenmoRequest` to make all properties accessible on the initializer only vs via the dot syntax.

## unreleased
* BraintreePayPal
  * Add `BTPayPalRequest.userPhoneNumber` optional property
* BraintreeVenmo

>   * Send `url` in `event_params` for App Switch events to PayPal's analytics service (FPTI)

Reviewer: Should this diff be in this PR?

Author: ahh good catch! it shouldn't, updated in c386bf3f3eca0db14967a3da1611e2c0f6310230

## unreleased
* BraintreePayPal
  * Add `BTPayPalRequest.userPhoneNumber` optional property
* BraintreeVenmo

>   * Update`BTVenmoRequest` to make all properties internal and included in the initializer 

Reviewer: I think there is a `v7` section of the CHANGELOG that was started in an earlier PR. Not sure if this PR is using the latest from `v7`.

Reviewer: Oh, it looks like this was changed at some point and is further down: https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/v7/CHANGELOG.md#700-beta1. We should move this up and rename to `unreleased (v7)` since we haven't released a beta yet and that will get pulled in automatically.

* BraintreeCore
  * Fix analytics bug where sessionID value in analytics payload was inaccurate; send separate FPTI POST requests per unique sessionID

## 7.0.0-beta1
* Breaking Changes

>   * Bump minimum supported deployment target to iOS 16+

Reviewer 2: We also want to preserve this existing changelog entry

Author: addressed in c386bf3f3eca0db14967a3da1611e2c0f6310230, moved it to the top
